All code in this repository is licensed under Apache License 2.0.
All images and derivatives thereof contained in this repository 
are licensed under Creative Commons License 3.0. Original photo by Mohammed Tawsif Salam, 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sky#/media/File:Appearance_of_sky_for_weather_forecast,_Dhaka,_Bangladesh.JPG
Full text of Apache License 2.0 and Creative Commons License 3.0 below:

                                 Apache License
                           Version 2.0, January 2004
                        http://www.apache.org/licenses/

   TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION

   1. Definitions.

      "License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction,
      and distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document.

      "Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by
      the copyright owner that is granting the License.

      "Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all
      other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common
      control with that entity. For the purposes of this definition,
      "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the
      direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or
      otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the
      outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.

      "You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity
      exercising permissions granted by this License.

      "Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications,
      including but not limited to software source code, documentation
      source, and configuration files.

      "Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical
      transformation or translation of a Source form, including but
      not limited to compiled object code, generated documentation,
      and conversions to other media types.

      "Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or
      Object form, made available under the License, as indicated by a
      copyright notice that is included in or attached to the work
      (an example is provided in the Appendix below).

      "Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object
      form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the
      editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications
      represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship. For the purposes
      of this License, Derivative Works shall not include works that remain
      separable from, or merely link (or bind by name) to the interfaces of,
      the Work and Derivative Works thereof.

      "Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including
      the original version of the Work and any modifications or additions
      to that Work or Derivative Works thereof, that is intentionally
      submitted to Licensor for inclusion in the Work by the copyright owner
      or by an individual or Legal Entity authorized to submit on behalf of
      the copyright owner. For the purposes of this definition, "submitted"
      means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent
      to the Licensor or its representatives, including but not limited to
      communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems,
      and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the
      Licensor for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but
      excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise
      designated in writing by the copyright owner as "Not a Contribution."

      "Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity
      on behalf of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and
      subsequently incorporated within the Work.

   2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
      this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
      worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
      copyright license to reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of,
      publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute the
      Work and such Derivative Works in Source or Object form.

   3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
      this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
      worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
      (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made,
      use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work,
      where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable
      by such Contributor that are necessarily infringed by their
      Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their Contribution(s)
      with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If You
      institute patent litigation against any entity (including a
      cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Work
      or a Contribution incorporated within the Work constitutes direct
      or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses
      granted to You under this License for that Work shall terminate
      as of the date such litigation is filed.

   4. Redistribution. You may reproduce and distribute copies of the
      Work or Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without
      modifications, and in Source or Object form, provided that You
      meet the following conditions:

      (a) You must give any other recipients of the Work or
          Derivative Works a copy of this License; and

      (b) You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices
          stating that You changed the files; and

      (c) You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works
          that You distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and
          attribution notices from the Source form of the Work,
          excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of
          the Derivative Works; and

      (d) If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its
          distribution, then any Derivative Works that You distribute must
          include a readable copy of the attribution notices contained
          within such NOTICE file, excluding those notices that do not
          pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one
          of the following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed
          as part of the Derivative Works; within the Source form or
          documentation, if provided along with the Derivative Works; or,
          within a display generated by the Derivative Works, if and
          wherever such third-party notices normally appear. The contents
          of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and
          do not modify the License. You may add Your own attribution
          notices within Derivative Works that You distribute, alongside
          or as an addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work, provided
          that such additional attribution notices cannot be construed
          as modifying the License.

      You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and
      may provide additional or different license terms and conditions
      for use, reproduction, or distribution of Your modifications, or
      for any such Derivative Works as a whole, provided Your use,
      reproduction, and distribution of the Work otherwise complies with
      the conditions stated in this License.

   5. Submission of Contributions. Unless You explicitly state otherwise,
      any Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work
      by You to the Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of
      this License, without any additional terms or conditions.
      Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein shall supersede or modify
      the terms of any separate license agreement you may have executed
      with Licensor regarding such Contributions.

   6. Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade
      names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor,
      except as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the
      origin of the Work and reproducing the content of the NOTICE file.

   7. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or
      agreed to in writing, Licensor provides the Work (and each
      Contributor provides its Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS,
      WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
      implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions
      of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A
      PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely responsible for determining the
      appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and assume any
      risks associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License.

   8. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory,
      whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise,
      unless required by applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly
      negligent acts) or agreed to in writing, shall any Contributor be
      liable to You for damages, including any direct, indirect, special,
      incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising as a
      result of this License or out of the use or inability to use the
      Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill,
      work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all
      other commercial damages or losses), even if such Contributor
      has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

   9. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability. While redistributing
      the Work or Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer,
      and charge a fee for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity,
      or other liability obligations and/or rights consistent with this
      License. However, in accepting such obligations, You may act only
      on Your own behalf and on Your sole responsibility, not on behalf
      of any other Contributor, and only if You agree to indemnify,
      defend, and hold each Contributor harmless for any liability
      incurred by, or claims asserted against, such Contributor by reason
      of your accepting any such warranty or additional liability.

   END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS

   APPENDIX: How to apply the Apache License to your work.

      To apply the Apache License to your work, attach the following
      boilerplate notice, with the fields enclosed by brackets "[]"
      replaced with your own identifying information. (Don't include
      the brackets!)  The text should be enclosed in the appropriate
      comment syntax for the file format. We also recommend that a
      file or class name and description of purpose be included on the
      same "printed page" as the copyright notice for easier
      identification within third-party archives.

   Copyright [yyyy] [name of copyright owner]

   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.



 









                         Creative Commons
               Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
     https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/legalcode

 CREATIVE COMMONS CORPORATION IS NOT A LAW FIRM AND DOES NOT PROVIDE LEGAL 
SERVICES. DISTRIBUTION OF THIS LICENSE DOES NOT CREATE AN ATTORNEY-CLIENT 
RELATIONSHIP. CREATIVE COMMONS PROVIDES THIS INFORMATION ON AN "AS-IS" BASIS. 
CREATIVE COMMONS MAKES NO WARRANTIES REGARDING THE INFORMATION PROVIDED, AND 
DISCLAIMS LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM ITS USE.
 License

 THE WORK (AS DEFINED BELOW) IS PROVIDED UNDER THE TERMS OF THIS CREATIVE 
COMMONS PUBLIC LICENSE ("CCPL" OR "LICENSE"). THE WORK IS PROTECTED BY 
COPYRIGHT AND/OR OTHER APPLICABLE LAW. ANY USE OF THE WORK OTHER THAN AS 
AUTHORIZED UNDER THIS LICENSE OR COPYRIGHT LAW IS PROHIBITED.

 BY EXERCISING ANY RIGHTS TO THE WORK PROVIDED HERE, YOU ACCEPT AND AGREE TO BE 
BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE. TO THE EXTENT THIS LICENSE MAY BE 
CONSIDERED TO BE A CONTRACT, THE LICENSOR GRANTS YOU THE RIGHTS CONTAINED HERE 
IN CONSIDERATION OF YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF SUCH TERMS AND CONDITIONS.

 1. Definitions

 "Adaptation" means a work based upon the Work, or upon the Work and other 
pre-existing works, such as a translation, adaptation, derivative work, 
arrangement of music or other alterations of a literary or artistic work, or 
phonogram or performance and includes cinematographic adaptations or any other 
form in which the Work may be recast, transformed, or adapted including in any 
form recognizably derived from the original, except that a work that 
constitutes a Collection will not be considered an Adaptation for the purpose 
of this License. For the avoidance of doubt, where the Work is a musical work, 
performance or phonogram, the synchronization of the Work in timed-relation 
with a moving image ("synching") will be considered an Adaptation for the 
purpose of this License.
 "Collection" means a collection of literary or artistic works, such as 
encyclopedias and anthologies, or performances, phonograms or broadcasts, or 
other works or subject matter other than works listed in Section 1(f) below, 
which, by reason of the selection and arrangement of their contents, constitute 
intellectual creations, in which the Work is included in its entirety in 
unmodified form along with one or more other contributions, each constituting 
separate and independent works in themselves, which together are assembled into 
a collective whole. A work that constitutes a Collection will not be considered 
an Adaptation (as defined below) for the purposes of this License.
 "Creative Commons Compatible License" means a license that is listed at 
https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses that has been approved by 
Creative Commons as being essentially equivalent to this License, including, at 
a minimum, because that license: (i) contains terms that have the same purpose, 
meaning and effect as the License Elements of this License; and, (ii) 
explicitly permits the relicensing of adaptations of works made available under 
that license under this License or a Creative Commons jurisdiction license with 
the same License Elements as this License.
 "Distribute" means to make available to the public the original and copies of 
the Work or Adaptation, as appropriate, through sale or other transfer of 
ownership.
 "License Elements" means the following high-level license attributes as 
selected by Licensor and indicated in the title of this License: Attribution, 
ShareAlike.
 "Licensor" means the individual, individuals, entity or entities that offer(s) 
the Work under the terms of this License.
 "Original Author" means, in the case of a literary or artistic work, the 
individual, individuals, entity or entities who created the Work or if no 
individual or entity can be identified, the publisher; and in addition (i) in 
the case of a performance the actors, singers, musicians, dancers, and other 
persons who act, sing, deliver, declaim, play in, interpret or otherwise 
perform literary or artistic works or expressions of folklore; (ii) in the case 
of a phonogram the producer being the person or legal entity who first fixes 
the sounds of a performance or other sounds; and, (iii) in the case of 
broadcasts, the organization that transmits the broadcast.
 "Work" means the literary and/or artistic work offered under the terms of this 
License including without limitation any production in the literary, scientific 
and artistic domain, whatever may be the mode or form of its expression 
including digital form, such as a book, pamphlet and other writing; a lecture, 
address, sermon or other work of the same nature; a dramatic or 
dramatico-musical work; a choreographic work or entertainment in dumb show; a 
musical composition with or without words; a cinematographic work to which are 
assimilated works expressed by a process analogous to cinematography; a work of 
drawing, painting, architecture, sculpture, engraving or lithography; a 
photographic work to which are assimilated works expressed by a process 
analogous to photography; a work of applied art; an illustration, map, plan, 
sketch or three-dimensional work relative to geography, topography, 
architecture or science; a performance; a broadcast; a phonogram; a compilation 
of data to the extent it is protected as a copyrightable work; or a work 
performed by a variety or circus performer to the extent it is not otherwise 
considered a literary or artistic work.
 "You" means an individual or entity exercising rights under this License who 
has not previously violated the terms of this License with respect to the Work, 
or who has received express permission from the Licensor to exercise rights 
under this License despite a previous violation.
 "Publicly Perform" means to perform public recitations of the Work and to 
communicate to the public those public recitations, by any means or process, 
including by wire or wireless means or public digital performances; to make 
available to the public Works in such a way that members of the public may 
access these Works from a place and at a place individually chosen by them; to 
perform the Work to the public by any means or process and the communication to 
the public of the performances of the Work, including by public digital 
performance; to broadcast and rebroadcast the Work by any means including 
signs, sounds or images.
 "Reproduce" means to make copies of the Work by any means including without 
limitation by sound or visual recordings and the right of fixation and 
reproducing fixations of the Work, including storage of a protected performance 
or phonogram in digital form or other electronic medium.
 2. Fair Dealing Rights. Nothing in this License is intended to reduce, limit, 
or restrict any uses free from copyright or rights arising from limitations or 
exceptions that are provided for in connection with the copyright protection 
under copyright law or other applicable laws.

 3. License Grant. Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, 
Licensor hereby grants You a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive, perpetual 
(for the duration of the applicable copyright) license to exercise the rights 
in the Work as stated below:

 to Reproduce the Work, to incorporate the Work into one or more Collections, 
and to Reproduce the Work as incorporated in the Collections;
 to create and Reproduce Adaptations provided that any such Adaptation, 
including any translation in any medium, takes reasonable steps to clearly 
label, demarcate or otherwise identify that changes were made to the original 
Work. For example, a translation could be marked "The original work was 
translated from English to Spanish," or a modification could indicate "The 
original work has been modified.";
 to Distribute and Publicly Perform the Work including as incorporated in 
Collections; and,
 to Distribute and Publicly Perform Adaptations.
 For the avoidance of doubt:

 Non-waivable Compulsory License Schemes. In those jurisdictions in which the 
right to collect royalties through any statutory or compulsory licensing scheme 
cannot be waived, the Licensor reserves the exclusive right to collect such 
royalties for any exercise by You of the rights granted under this License;
 Waivable Compulsory License Schemes. In those jurisdictions in which the right 
to collect royalties through any statutory or compulsory licensing scheme can 
be waived, the Licensor waives the exclusive right to collect such royalties 
for any exercise by You of the rights granted under this License; and,
 Voluntary License Schemes. The Licensor waives the right to collect royalties, 
whether individually or, in the event that the Licensor is a member of a 
collecting society that administers voluntary licensing schemes, via that 
society, from any exercise by You of the rights granted under this License.
 The above rights may be exercised in all media and formats whether now known 
or hereafter devised. The above rights include the right to make such 
modifications as are technically necessary to exercise the rights in other 
media and formats. Subject to Section 8(f), all rights not expressly granted by 
Licensor are hereby reserved.

 4. Restrictions. The license granted in Section 3 above is expressly made 
subject to and limited by the following restrictions:

 You may Distribute or Publicly Perform the Work only under the terms of this 
License. You must include a copy of, or the Uniform Resource Identifier (URI) 
for, this License with every copy of the Work You Distribute or Publicly 
Perform. You may not offer or impose any terms on the Work that restrict the 
terms of this License or the ability of the recipient of the Work to exercise 
the rights granted to that recipient under the terms of the License. You may 
not sublicense the Work. You must keep intact all notices that refer to this 
License and to the disclaimer of warranties with every copy of the Work You 
Distribute or Publicly Perform. When You Distribute or Publicly Perform the 
Work, You may not impose any effective technological measures on the Work that 
restrict the ability of a recipient of the Work from You to exercise the rights 
granted to that recipient under the terms of the License. This Section 4(a) 
applies to the Work as incorporated in a Collection, but this does not require 
the Collection apart from the Work itself to be made subject to the terms of 
this License. If You create a Collection, upon notice from any Licensor You 
must, to the extent practicable, remove from the Collection any credit as 
required by Section 4(c), as requested. If You create an Adaptation, upon 
notice from any Licensor You must, to the extent practicable, remove from the 
Adaptation any credit as required by Section 4(c), as requested.
 You may Distribute or Publicly Perform an Adaptation only under the terms of: 
(i) this License; (ii) a later version of this License with the same License 
Elements as this License; (iii) a Creative Commons jurisdiction license (either 
this or a later license version) that contains the same License Elements as 
this License (e.g., Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 US)); (iv) a Creative Commons 
Compatible License. If you license the Adaptation under one of the licenses 
mentioned in (iv), you must comply with the terms of that license. If you 
license the Adaptation under the terms of any of the licenses mentioned in (i), 
(ii) or (iii) (the "Applicable License"), you must comply with the terms of the 
Applicable License generally and the following provisions: (I) You must include 
a copy of, or the URI for, the Applicable License with every copy of each 
Adaptation You Distribute or Publicly Perform; (II) You may not offer or impose 
any terms on the Adaptation that restrict the terms of the Applicable License 
or the ability of the recipient of the Adaptation to exercise the rights 
granted to that recipient under the terms of the Applicable License; (III) You 
must keep intact all notices that refer to the Applicable License and to the 
disclaimer of warranties with every copy of the Work as included in the 
Adaptation You Distribute or Publicly Perform; (IV) when You Distribute or 
Publicly Perform the Adaptation, You may not impose any effective technological 
measures on the Adaptation that restrict the ability of a recipient of the 
Adaptation from You to exercise the rights granted to that recipient under the 
terms of the Applicable License. This Section 4(b) applies to the Adaptation as 
incorporated in a Collection, but this does not require the Collection apart 
from the Adaptation itself to be made subject to the terms of the Applicable 
License.
 If You Distribute, or Publicly Perform the Work or any Adaptations or 
Collections, You must, unless a request has been made pursuant to Section 4(a), 
keep intact all copyright notices for the Work and provide, reasonable to the 
medium or means You are utilizing: (i) the name of the Original Author (or 
pseudonym, if applicable) if supplied, and/or if the Original Author and/or 
Licensor designate another party or parties (e.g., a sponsor institute, 
publishing entity, journal) for attribution ("Attribution Parties") in 
Licensor's copyright notice, terms of service or by other reasonable means, the 
name of such party or parties; (ii) the title of the Work if supplied; (iii) to 
the extent reasonably practicable, the URI, if any, that Licensor specifies to 
be associated with the Work, unless such URI does not refer to the copyright 
notice or licensing information for the Work; and (iv) , consistent with 
Ssection 3(b), in the case of an Adaptation, a credit identifying the use of 
the Work in the Adaptation (e.g., "French translation of the Work by Original 
Author," or "Screenplay based on original Work by Original Author"). The credit 
required by this Section 4(c) may be implemented in any reasonable manner; 
provided, however, that in the case of a Adaptation or Collection, at a minimum 
such credit will appear, if a credit for all contributing authors of the 
Adaptation or Collection appears, then as part of these credits and in a manner 
at least as prominent as the credits for the other contributing authors. For 
the avoidance of doubt, You may only use the credit required by this Section 
for the purpose of attribution in the manner set out above and, by exercising 
Your rights under this License, You may not implicitly or explicitly assert or 
imply any connection with, sponsorship or endorsement by the Original Author, 
Licensor and/or Attribution Parties, as appropriate, of You or Your use of the 
Work, without the separate, express prior written permission of the Original 
Author, Licensor and/or Attribution Parties.
 Except as otherwise agreed in writing by the Licensor or as may be otherwise 
permitted by applicable law, if You Reproduce, Distribute or Publicly Perform 
the Work either by itself or as part of any Adaptations or Collections, You 
must not distort, mutilate, modify or take other derogatory action in relation 
to the Work which would be prejudicial to the Original Author's honor or 
reputation. Licensor agrees that in those jurisdictions (e.g. Japan), in which 
any exercise of the right granted in Section 3(b) of this License (the right to 
make Adaptations) would be deemed to be a distortion, mutilation, modification 
or other derogatory action prejudicial to the Original Author's honor and 
reputation, the Licensor will waive or not assert, as appropriate, this 
Section, to the fullest extent permitted by the applicable national law, to 
enable You to reasonably exercise Your right under Section 3(b) of this License 
(right to make Adaptations) but not otherwise.
 5. Representations, Warranties and Disclaimer

 UNLESS OTHERWISE MUTUALLY AGREED TO BY THE PARTIES IN WRITING, LICENSOR OFFERS 
THE WORK AS-IS AND MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND 
CONCERNING THE WORK, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING, 
WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTIBILITY, FITNESS FOR A 
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NONINFRINGEMENT, OR THE ABSENCE OF LATENT OR OTHER DEFECTS, 
ACCURACY, OR THE PRESENCE OF ABSENCE OF ERRORS, WHETHER OR NOT DISCOVERABLE. 
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO SUCH 
EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

 6. Limitation on Liability. EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW, 
IN NO EVENT WILL LICENSOR BE LIABLE TO YOU ON ANY LEGAL THEORY FOR ANY SPECIAL, 
INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THIS 
LICENSE OR THE USE OF THE WORK, EVEN IF LICENSOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE 
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

 7. Termination

 This License and the rights granted hereunder will terminate automatically 
upon any breach by You of the terms of this License. Individuals or entities 
who have received Adaptations or Collections from You under this License, 
however, will not have their licenses terminated provided such individuals or 
entities remain in full compliance with those licenses. Sections 1, 2, 5, 6, 7, 
and 8 will survive any termination of this License.
 Subject to the above terms and conditions, the license granted here is 
perpetual (for the duration of the applicable copyright in the Work). 
Notwithstanding the above, Licensor reserves the right to release the Work 
under different license terms or to stop distributing the Work at any time; 
provided, however that any such election will not serve to withdraw this 
License (or any other license that has been, or is required to be, granted 
under the terms of this License), and this License will continue in full force 
and effect unless terminated as stated above.
 8. Miscellaneous

 Each time You Distribute or Publicly Perform the Work or a Collection, the 
Licensor offers to the recipient a license to the Work on the same terms and 
conditions as the license granted to You under this License.
 Each time You Distribute or Publicly Perform an Adaptation, Licensor offers to 
the recipient a license to the original Work on the same terms and conditions 
as the license granted to You under this License.
 If any provision of this License is invalid or unenforceable under applicable 
law, it shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of the 
terms of this License, and without further action by the parties to this 
agreement, such provision shall be reformed to the minimum extent necessary to 
make such provision valid and enforceable.
 No term or provision of this License shall be deemed waived and no breach 
consented to unless such waiver or consent shall be in writing and signed by 
the party to be charged with such waiver or consent.
 This License constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect 
to the Work licensed here. There are no understandings, agreements or 
representations with respect to the Work not specified here. Licensor shall not 
be bound by any additional provisions that may appear in any communication from 
You. This License may not be modified without the mutual written agreement of 
the Licensor and You.
 The rights granted under, and the subject matter referenced, in this License 
were drafted utilizing the terminology of the Berne Convention for the 
Protection of Literary and Artistic Works (as amended on September 28, 1979), 
the Rome Convention of 1961, the WIPO Copyright Treaty of 1996, the WIPO 
Performances and Phonograms Treaty of 1996 and the Universal Copyright 
Convention (as revised on July 24, 1971). These rights and subject matter take 
effect in the relevant jurisdiction in which the License terms are sought to be 
enforced according to the corresponding provisions of the implementation of 
those treaty provisions in the applicable national law. If the standard suite 
of rights granted under applicable copyright law includes additional rights not 
granted under this License, such additional rights are deemed to be included in 
the License; this License is not intended to restrict the license of any rights 
under applicable law.
